by the way if you happen to have his
taxes in here what will finally bring
down Trump's presidency office pool
today was a very good day the president
is getting a lot of heat for extensive
allegations of fraud and tax evasion in
a monster story by the family New York
Times that reveals many potentially
damaging Trump family secrets the
article alleges among other things that
Trump and his siblings hid millions of
dollars in a sham corporation also known
as the Trump corporation and that the
president is by no means a self-made man
as he claims Trump is famously said that
his dad loaned him a million dollars to
kick-start his career turns out his
father gave him didn't loan him four
hundred thirteen million dollars but not
a single hug is the sad thing Trump had
multiple trust funds he was getting the
equivalent of a two hundred thousand
dollar salary from his father at age
three and he was a millionaire on his
own by age eight Donald Trump was
basically his father's own biological
Cayman Island where he stashed money
Trump's lawyer of course released a
statement immediately saying there was
no tax fraud and that Trump had
virtually no involvement with these
matters basically what he said is
everything the President did was
completely legal but also he didn't do
it and then they sent out the official
White House attack animal totally false
attack based on an old recycled news
story I'm not gonna sit and go through
every single line of a very boring
14,000 word story the only thing I will
say one thing the article did get right
was that it showed that the president's
father actually had a great deal of
confidence in him in fact the president
brought his father into a lot of deals
they made a lot of money together so
much so that his father went on to say
that everything he touched turned to
gold yeah so we all remember how well
things turned out for King Midas I think
he ended up opening a chain of muffler
stores right
Trump called The Times story old boring
and bad which is also how stormy Daniels
described the sex they had but
it seems clear Trump's not the
successful businessman he claims to be
his parents gave him all the money this
is his father by the way Fred Trump who
passed away in 1999 and Donald also got
quite an inheritance from his mother
Mary Trump who were not his mother I'm
actually not sure Donald Trump and his
mother are different people and maybe we
put a pair of big gold earrings on him
we could finally we could find out the
truth as to who is ooh whoa whoa the
desire Frederic C Trump
did I hear you mention my name
yeah my ears were burning like a fat
president in the tanning bed oh my
goodness mr. Trump this is a surprise
obviously oh my goodness look at all
these pores in this room holding its
revolving pores yes yes I did that's our
audience that's not nice of you to say
well I guess that's why I'm in hell oh
okay how can I help you mr. Trump Jimmy
I just like to clarify a few things that
have recently come to light about my
totally aboveboard completely legitimate
very legal fraudulent tax scheme okay
first of all I got away with it
and died okay that's very important to
keep in mind yes that's okay
and second of all what my idiot kids got
isn't even close to my entire fortune
really I buried four metric tons of gold
bullion right underneath my son's casino
in Atlantic City
Wow oh well you know III don't want to
be the bearer of bad news but all his
casinos went bankrupt in those buildings
I think I've been knocked down they were
condemned all three of them yeah all
three of them mmm
what a yeah I still have a vast
sum of jewels buried on the ranch for
the cows that make median delicious
Trump steaks are raised oh wow
no unfortunately that company Trump
steaks went out of business too
so I don't think they have that ranch
mother savings bonds I hid in the hall
of his yacht oh he had to sell the yacht
there's no Hall what about the baggage
claim the Trump airline I'm paralyzed
also gone oh my god that bloated little
jack-o'-lantern came out screwy and it's
been a total show ever since yeah tell
us about it well since you're here is
there anything you'd like to say to
Donald directly ooh listen you little
when you get down here I'm going to
personally ask my friends Satan who's a
great guy incidentally fantastic guy one
of the finest devils you'll ever meet
I'm gonna ask him to hold your feet so
close to the lake of fire you'll be
begging for those bones first you'll be
as the extra-crispy as one of your
kentucky fried chicken thigh inhale yes
we got that thank you so much for
stopping by mr. Trump okay you're right
[Applause]
that really pisses them off fred is down
[Music]
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though